story is about me is about another story
is about boss is a story about lies
you know I had to do all right even
though I'm so far gone tonight
it's my night and we gonna get so long
right like it's nothing but effectuation
of lusts in life
it's right down my alley and I'm a ball
strike Oh looking prettier than ever
before
beauty is nowhere near the core drunk
song filling the floor and he drunk so
you feeling for more and that's all you
don't get my yeah that's all you don't
get mine get us all you won't get love
my baby girl you see me baby girl I see
you
I wanna rock your body baby I wanted to
feed you just let me let you down Sasha
nice and slow
I love taking you down baby nice and
slow yeah
yeah
it's all I wanna say wanna say so I
wanna say basically this uh
the spice bar sorry young lady and it's
all I'm gonna say
that's all I'm gonna say mama goes oh
you have to okay yeah yeah yeah
yeah who knows me
who knows maybe one day story is about
me is about notice Ori is about uh story
is about it's a story about life about
life and lost us
yeah